gh-87063: Add `closed` attribute to multiprocessing.Process (#125838)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-10-22-19-52-15.gh-issue-87063.fR-wJa.rst

> Add the ``closed()`` in the :class:`multiprocessing.Process` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow to determine whether a :class:`multiprocessing.Process` has been closed
via the :attr:`~multiprocessing.Process.closed` attribute.
```

> Add the :meth:`.is_closed()` in the :class:`multiprocessing.Process` to

Reviewer: Please, do not use the `.`-trick for links in NEWS entries in general unless you know that there will not be any conflicts, and prefer using fully-qualified names + custom titles syntax or plain inline rendering with double backquotes if you don't want a link. You can also decide to render the fully-qualified names.

Examples:

- <code>:meth:\`is_closed <multiprocessing.Process.is_closed>\`</code>
- <code>:meth:\`multiprocessing.Process.is_closed\`</code> or
- <code>\`\`is_closed\`\`</code>

Note that in all of these cases, the new interface must be documented in the corresponding `.rst` file since some users may not look at the Python code itself.

> via the :attr:`!closed` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
via the :attr:`~multiprocessing.Process.closed` property.
```

> via the :attr:`~multiprocessing.Process.closed` property.

Reviewer 2: Please word this exactly as you've worded the What's New entry.

> via the :attr:`~multiprocessing.Process.closed` attribute.

Reviewer 2: @rruuaanng: I encourage you strongly to read the devguide. This change is a **new feature**, so it needs a [What's New entry](https://devguide.python.org/core-developers/committing/#changes-that-require-what-s-new-in-python-entries). **_Please take a look at existing What's New entries for inspiration!_**

Author: I'm not sure if the new changes are satisfactory, but I read what's under Doc/whatnews :). Please review it again!

Reviewer 2: No. I will repeat again: _please read the devguide_. If you don't, you will continue to waste review resources.

New features (and especially _any new API_, like this is) will need a What's New entry. I linked to the section in the devguide that talks about What's New entries, and I also asked you to look at existing entries for inspiration. Apparently, nothing of this was done.

I'll ask you again: please take a look at how we _word_ NEWS and What's New entries for _new APIs_, and adapt your PR to follow our conventions. Please listen to advice.
